[Music]
this woman just disconnects the phone
she feels severe pain in her back turn
around she finds a shot of anesthesia on
her butt
luckily a warm-hearted woman comes and
asks if she is okay
she has no time to think before she
faints the woman puts her in the trunk
she gets into her car and drive away if
you think that she is kidnapped then you
are wrong
her name is marla grayson people call
her marla it is not exaggerated to say
she is the most vicious woman in the
world
because she always cheats the elder for
money marla opens a nursing home and
squeezes money from the elder
her nursing home uses closed management
they don't even allow their family to
visit them
marla puts the eldest photos on the wall
and divides them into groups with
different wealth levels
she only has one purpose make more and
more money that day
fran marla's business partner finds a
new target this old lady is jennifer
she is very rich 70 year old she drives
a luxury car and stays in a mansion
more importantly she has no relatives
after confirming the new target
marla sets up a plan she colludes with
jennifer's doctor karen amos
amos falsely testifies that jennifer
suffers from dementia and confusion
after that with the identity of the
nursing home director
if you need me to take care of her
she takes advantage of legal loopholes
to become jennifer's legal guardian
after that she brings the legal document
to jennifer's house and shows it to
jennifer
she tells a lie to fool jennifer to go
with her jennifer is confused
obviously she is healthy and can take
care of herself why does she need a
legal guardian
however listen to marla's persuasion
jennifer has to compromise
oh my god marla moves jennifer into her
nursing home
all the staff with a fake smile on their
faces a door to enter without exit
the lonely old men like the walking dead
mala gives jennifer a vip room
the charge is 2 000 united states
dollars per day she takes jennifer's
mobile then leaves without looking back
she gets to liquidate jennifer's
property she searches all the things in
jennifer's house and sells jennifer's
furniture car and house
at night marla and fran go to the bar
together the next day
marla go to the bank opens jennifer's
cash box a watch two gold bars a lot of
diamonds hidden in a book
jennifer really is a treasure mahler is
so happy with this
however jennifer is not a normal elder
she has an adopted son
this shortie's name is roman lanoff as a
saying that short but plucky
roman is a crime lord normally he
smuggles women and produces cocaine
every weekend he will prepare some tasty
dessert for jennifer they will meet in a
hidden basement
normally alexi takes charge of picking
up jennifer however this time when he
comes
he can't find jennifer but few workers
are repairing the house
he knows he gets into big trouble [ __ ]
when he returns
roman is very unhappy i love my mother
he threatens alexi with a gun
or you die or quickly find out my mother
that day marla is working as usual
a lawyer named dean erickson comes to
see her it is inconvenient for roman to
go out so he consigns dean to take care
of this case
of course mahler doesn't want to give up
dean has foreseen this situation so he
opens a suitcase
there is one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars inside mahler doesn't expect
dean will offer this much
obviously jennifer is much valuable than
that five million dollars
they can't do an agreement however marla
still resists
she finds jennifer and asks for more
details jennifer laughs
you're in trouble now but marla is not
easy to deal with she orders her staff
to add difficulty to jennifer's life
at night inject jennifer with a
stimulant daytime inject her with a
sedative
only give her some porridge to eat and
not allowed to give her any other foods
lawyer dean also takes action if can't
negotiate with marla then they only can
suit her
but what he can't foresee is that the
judge here has colluded with mahler
because dean cannot prove jennifer hires
him the judge dismisses the case
this makes roman angry he almost jumps
up and breaks the lawyer patella if the
law can't help to get her mother back
then he uses violence instead
he sends alexian two other big man to
the nursing home of mahler
if negotiation can't work then violence
will they want to take jennifer
however the bodyguards of the nursing
home are not easy to deal with
[Music]
when alexi is about to succeed marla and
fran show up
they force jennifer to be back to the
nursing home the police have also
arrived
this violent effort fails roman has no
choice but to leave the nursing home
without his mother
marla i will kill you no one is gonna
help you you have to find professionals
to do professional things
the first one is dr amos who falsely
testified that jennifer suffers from
dementia and confusion
see the news on tv fran starts to panic
she starts to pack up and prepares to
leave
but marla is not willing to do so she
finds jennifer she irritates jennifer
with her words
and i will drain you your money your
comfort and your self-respect
jennifer is also a lady of temperament
she goes around behind mahler and
strangles her neck tightly
this scene is filmed by the camera marla
uses this as evidence and asks the judge
to move jennifer to a psychiatric ward
it is how the thing going jennifer is
moved to a psychiatric ward
there is no vip room here there is only
a cold bed
even if roman is more ferocious he has
no way to rescue her mom
in other situations marla is packing up
and prepare to move
she just disconnects the phone she feels
severe pain in her back
turn around it is a shot of anesthesia
the killer goes out without any rush
marla has no time to think before she
faints the killer puts her in the trunk
gets into marla's car and drives away at
the same time fran is attacked in their
home
they start to fight mahler and roman
finally meet up
in front of the crime lord mahler is not
scared at all
the is to be stunned plugged in the pipe
and poured in with spirits
roman gets mahler into his car disguises
his driving while drunk
then rushes straight into the river
luckily mahler awakens in time
she takes a deep breath breaks off the
seat belt climbs up the back seat
breaks the rear with all her power then
she escapes from the car
luckily she survives after all the risks
such an arrogant woman likes marla she
is never at this kind of disadvantage
when she arrives at her and fran's house
she finds the doors have been broken
the house is full of gas fran faints on
the ground without any hesitance
mahler turns off the gas valve and saves
fran the next morning they start to
discuss what to do
if they escape now they will lose all
the things it is better to do something
big
rather than just live in vain marla puts
on a wig sneaks into the building of
roman
after that she finds his driver in the
basement when he doesn't pay attention
she knocks him out
after roman gets into the car marla
suddenly shows up
hello again she gives him a shot of
ecstasy then gets the stun gun from her
bag and knocks the bodyguard out as well
after that she kidnaps roman when he
still faints she drugs him takes off all
of his clothes then leaves him on a
trail
the next morning a passerby finds roman
naked on the trail
the passerby leisurely takes a picture
and posts it online after that he calls
the police
as the result roman is sent to the
hospital naked when he awakens
marla sits calmly next to him because
roman has no identity so she
automatically becomes his legal guardian
[Music]
finally marla wins they sit down and
negotiate calmly
mahler offers a 10 million dollars deal
as the saying goes
no discord no concorde they are birds of
a feather
roman accepts the deal moreover he wants
to cooperate with mahler and offers her
a partnership in a global business
he will invest money mahler deals with
all legal regulations
the more money they earn the more they
trust each other later roman is reunited
with jennifer
marla makes her dream come true and
becomes a powerful extremely wealthy ceo
scam targets increase from dozens of
people to several thousand
she appears on the cover of the magazine
takes part in a tv interview
for a while she becomes extremely famous
among millions of people
however what comes around goes around
that day a man finds her
he says nothing then shoots her with his
gun it turns out the killer is mr
feldstrom
her mother is one of marla's targets
the movie comes to an end here if you
have any thoughts of your own
you can comment below we can discuss it
together remember to like and subscribe
i am harry we will see each other in the
next video